
EXAM QUESTIONS

NOTE:  All containers created should be UP and RUNNING 

1	Create a container named myserver from the mysql image . The version of the image tag used should be 5.7  .  The container traffic at port 3306 should be forwarded to the host port at 8889.

2	Create a container named nginxhost from the image nginx . The container’s memory should not exceed 300m . 


3	Create your first Blog post using wordpress.
Deploy Wordpress application along with a mariadb database :-

	The wordpress application should be published at the host port 8002
	The name of the wordpress container should be wordpress
	You need to pass the database password via environment variable to establish connection to the database service . You can use  WORDPRESS_DB_PASSWORD as variable name.
	The wordpress app should be able to communicate back and forth with the mariadb database via the alias name mysql   .


Database details:-
        The database data should be persistent in the host path /mariadb . 
              HINT: You can use bind mount for that 
	The password for the mariadb should be set to MyPassword
	The database name should be set to wordpress
	The name of the container should be set to wordpressdb

Following environment variables can be used for setting password and database name :
	MYSQL_ROOT_PASSWORD
	MYSQL_DATABASE



After deploying both services, create your first blog post 
	Create Username and password  with below details 

	Site Title: KickOps
	Username: docker
	Password: ABCDefgh123!!
	email : exam@kickops.com



Create a new blog post :- 
	Blog Title : My First Blog!!
	Text in the block : This is my first blog to prove that i have successfully deployed both the containers


4	Create a container named httpserver out of the image webhost:exam and attach to the network examnetwork. The container should be published on the host port 9080 .


5	Create a new network named examnetwork


6	Create a new docker image named webhost with the tag version exam with the below instructions. 
	The images should be extended from centos . 
	Install the package httpd 
	The container should be listening on port 80
	The first command on container run should be  /usr/sbin/httpd –DFOREGROUND
	The Default web page should show 'Welcome to KickOps default page!  Hurray!!'
	The location of index.html file is /var/www/html/index.html

7	Login to the container httpserver and manually edit the index.html file with the below contents.
“This is the modified page”
Save this as a new image called modweb and tag that image as 1.0



